Create Script.md (#12)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDesign: Interview/Script.md

# Interview Script

## Warmup

- Thank you for being here and spend your time on this research.

> - This interview will be about half an hour and the topic is everyday crypto-currency usage in your life.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This interview will be about half an hour long and the topic is everyday cryptocurrency usage in your life.
```

> - I would like to emphasize there are no good or bad answers, just tell me your thoughts about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I would like to emphasize that there are no good or bad answers, just tell me your thoughts about it.
```

> - Do you agree with recording the interview? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do you agree with recording the interview?
```

## Questions

- Tell me about yourself:
 - Where do you live?
 - What was your first memorable experience with cryptocurrencies? When?

> - Do you use bitcoin? Why or why not?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do you use Bitcoin? Why or why not?
```

> - What motivated you towards crypto?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What motivated you towards using cryptocurrencies?
```

>  - How did you get into crypto?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - How did you get into cryptocurrencies?
```

> - Where did you get your first crypto?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Where did you get your first cryptocurrency?
```

 - Why from there?

>  - How do you get crypto usually?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - How do you get cryptocurrencies usually?
```

- Which wallet software do you use? Why?
 - What did you use previously and why did you change?

> - What was your biggest challenge when you started to use crypto?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What was your biggest challenge when you started to use cryptocurrencies?
```

- What was the hardest part of learning to use a wallet?
 - Where did you get the essential information?

> - Who do you trust in the crypto era? How did you make your decision?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Who do you trust in the cryptocurrency era? How did you make your decision?
```

> - Who do you trust in the cryptocurrency era? How did you make your decision?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Who do you trust in the cryptocurrency space? How did you make your decision?
```

- What is your biggest challenge now? 

> - What was your last horror-moment when using crypto?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What was your last horror-moment when using cryptocurrencies?
```

>  - What do you usually double-check when doing everyday stuff with your wallet? What are you super aware with?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - What do you usually double-check when doing everyday stuff with your wallet? What are you super aware of?
```

- What would you do if you would lose your device with your wallet?
 - What do you think, what could happen in that case?

>  - How would you get back your crypto?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - How would you get back your cryptocurrency?
```

> - What are the most annoying things when using crypto?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What are the most annoying things when using cryptocurrencies?
```

> - What are the topics/terms those making you uncertain about your crypto knowledge?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What are the topics/terms that make you uncertain about your cryptocurrencies knowledge?
```

- How do you ensure your privacy?

> - Have you ever been asked about crypto by your friends, what kind of questions did they make?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have you ever been asked about cryptocurrencies by your friends, what kind of questions did they make?
```

> - Have you ever been asked about cryptocurrencies by your friends, what kind of questions did they make?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have you ever been asked about cryptocurrencies by your friends or family? What kind of questions did they make?
```

## Finally

> - I have no other questions. If you have something in addition or any comment, please do not hesitate to tell me. Every feedback is appreciated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I have no other questions. If you have something in addition or any comments, please do not hesitate to tell me. Every feedback is appreciated. 
```

> - Thank you very much for your cooperation, it was a very nice interview. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Thank you very much for your cooperation, it was a very nice interview.
```
